But they were given before his death.
I'm at Hosu University where
the armed spies are holding people hostage
after escaping the ANSP surveillance.
The university is closed to the public
including its students, and the police
special forces have been sent in.
ANSP has camped in front of the dorm
and taken control of the scene--
Set a booby trap on the cafeteria windows
and put an extra bomb.
A bomb?
If they try to deceive us again,
I'll push the button.
Talk about bad timing.
If only you'd come in a bit later.
Turn around.
That…
Why is that…
You know I have
a detonator in my pocket, right?
Don't try anything funny.
Will you blow everyone up?
You know Lee Seong-jo, right? The one
who came to assassinate the president.
He fell in love with someone in the South
and is living happily.
Don't you want to live here
with someone you love, like him?
If you want to live happily
with that woman, don't do anything stupid.
I won't let it slide twice.
"That woman"? Who?
Oh, her? She's just
one of my subordinates. Nothing more.
Just colleagues.
Go in.
How is she?
I gave her a tranquilizer,
so she'll be fine after some sleep.
Can we have a word for a minute?